RHIDP-1471: add GitHub auth provider content (#91)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: getting-started/proc-adding-github-to-frontend.adoc

[id"proc-adding-github-to-frontend"]

> = Adding the GitHub provider to the {product-short} frontend​

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/assets/59050394/462ed9eb-3d79-43df-a94b-b84147b1033a)

```suggestion
= Adding GitHub as a to the {product-short} front end​
```

> To add the provider to the frontend, add the sign in configuration to your `app-config.yaml` file. For example: 

Reviewer: @linfraze Could you please change the front end, throughout the content?

[source,yaml]
----
signInPage: github
----

.Additional resources

* For information about authenticating Backstage access with GitHub, see link:https://backstage.io/docs/integrations/github/github-apps/[GitHub Authentication Provider] in the community documentation. 

> * For information about adding the provider to the Backstage frontend, see link:https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/showcase-docs/getting-started.md[Enabling authentication in Showcase] in the community documentation. 

Reviewer: Please remove the upstream link from the documentation. We do not add upstream links to our enterprise docs.

Author: SME says that it is necessary to include this documentation, so I am leaving the links for now, but I responded in a comment that I would like to discuss this post-GA to get Docs and Eng on the same page about including/referencing upstream docs in RHDH docs.
